Improve session docs and better exception messages (#1717)
Shopify/shopify_app: docs/shopify_app/sessions.md

1. If you don't already have a repository to store the access tokens, run the following generator to create a shop model to store the access tokens:

```sh
rails generate shopify_app:shop_model
```

2. Configure `config/initializers/shopify_app.rb` to enable shop session token persistance:

```ruby
config.shop_session_repository = 'Shop'
```

##### User (online) token storage
If your app has user interactions and would like to control permission based on individual users, you need to configure a User token storage to persist unique tokens for each user.

[Shop (offline) tokens must still be maintained](#shop-offline-token-storage).

1. Run the following generator to create a user model to store the individual based access tokens
```sh
rails generate shopify_app:user_model
```

2. Configure `config/initializers/shopify_app.rb` to enable user session token persistance:

```ruby
config.user_session_repository = 'User'
```

The current Shopify user will be stored in the rails session at `session[:shopify_user]`

##### In-memory Session Storage for testing

> The `ShopifyApp` gem includes methods for in-memory storage for both shop and user sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ShopifyApp` gem includes methods for in-memory storage for both shop and user sessions. In-memory storage is intended to be used by Rails apps that don't utilize a database. 
```

Author: I think a better way would be to let them know it should only be used for testing purposes since it's not available in production environments??

https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app/blob/df4d24660b9b0fabfca0fa42bb6e7706e9b381a6/lib/shopify_app/session/in_memory_session_store.rb#L22-L25

- [InMemoryShopSessionStore](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app/blob/main/lib/shopify_app/session/in_memory_shop_session_store.rb)
- [InMemoryUserSessionStore](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app/blob/main/lib/shopify_app/session/in_memory_user_session_store.rb)

You can configure the `ShopifyApp` configuration to use the in-memory storage method instead:
```ruby
# config/initializers/shopify_app.rb

config.shop_session_repository = ShopifyApp::InMemoryShopSessionStore
config.user_session_repository = ShopifyApp::InMemoryUserSessionStore
```

##### Customizing Session Storage with `ShopifyApp::SessionRepository`

> `ShopifyApp::SessionRepository` allows you as a developer to define how your sessions are stored and retrieved for shops. The specific repository for `shop` & `user` is configured in the `config/initializers/shopify_app.rb` file and can be set to any object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the rare event that you would like to break Rails convention for storing/retrieving records, the `ShopifyApp::SessionRepository` allows you to define how your sessions are stored and retrieved for shops. The specific repository for `shop` & `user` is configured in the `config/initializers/shopify_app.rb` file and can be set to any object.
```

```ruby
# config/initializers/shopify_app.rb

config.shop_session_repository = MyCustomShopSessionRepository
config.user_session_repository = MyCustomUserSessionRepository
```

⚠️  **Requirements:**

> The custom **Shop** repository must implement the following methods:

Author: Wow GPT for the win
![image](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app/assets/102243935/b18f92cb-0205-4af7-b2ca-e0614afdd217)
